g'day guys very easy recipe today you
will need two snags now here I've got
Italian sausages but are you can use
whichever ones you want of course got
some freshly chopped chives a coarsely
chopped onion a bit of butter
some potatoes have been killed and
chopped up into smaller pieces some
olive oil some milk some corn flour some
chicken stock and a bit of salt and
pepper now we're going to start with the
gravy because it will take the longest
because we are caramelizing some onions
so into a pan I'm going to add some oil
and that chopped onion and we're just
going to let this cook on a low heat
it's going to take about half an hour or
so guys and you want to resist the
temptation to stir it too often every
five minutes or so should do it if it
starts to burn turn it down if they take
on a burnt flavor you have to start
again so once they're caramelized I'm
just going to put a bit of that chicken
stock into a cup to mix with cornflour
and the rest of it into the saucepan
with the onions and once that's up to a
simmer I'm just going to mix a bit of
cornflour in with the cold stock
and just add it in now guys and stir it
for about a minute or so until it starts
to thicken and then just leave it off to
one side to simmer and cook down a bit
so what's happening we're going to get
those sausages started
and we'll get into the mesh now here I
pulled these potatoes for about 12
minutes or so they are soft and while
it's still hot add that butter in and
start mashing
now we're just going to match this until
that butter is melted all the way
through it then we're just going to add
a bit of salt a bit of pepper
throw in the chives
and just a bit of milk guys you're
better off putting less in the start
with and add more if you need it then
put too much in the start with so just a
little bit at a time and just work that
through with the masher another point
with mash is it's important not to over
mash it so our gravy is done our mash is
done and our sausages are done so ready
to plate it up guys and there you have
it
it is absolutely awesome it's very easy
to make you want to give this a go guys
thanks for tuning in and I'll catch you
guys next time